doc updates: (#572)
typelevel/sbt-typelevel: docs/customization.md

- `tlSonatypeUseLegacyHost` (setting): Publish to `oss.sonatype.org` instead of `s01.oss.sonatype.org` (default: false).
- `tlRelease` (command): Check binary-compatibility and `+publish` to Sonatype.

`TypelevelUnidocPlugin`: Sets up publishing a Scaladoc-only artifact to Sonatype/Maven.

### sbt-typelevel-settings
`TypelevelSettingsPlugin`: Good and/or opinionated defaults for scalac settings etc., inspired by sbt-tpolecat.
- `tlFatalWarnings` (setting): Convert compiler warnings into errors (default: false).
- `tlJdkRelease` (setting): JVM target version for the compiled bytecode (default: Some(8)).

### sbt-typelevel-github
`TypelevelGitHubPlugin`: Populates boilerplate settings assuming you are using GitHub.
- `tlGitHubRepo` (setting): The name of this repository on GitHub.
- `tlGitHubDev(user, fullName)` (method): Helper to create a `Developer` entry from a GitHub username.

`TypelevelScalaJSGitHubPlugin`: Points your sourcemaps to GitHub permalinks. Only activated for Scala.js projects.

`TypelevelScalaNativeGitHubPlugin`: Points your sourcemaps to GitHub permalinks. Only activated for Scala Native projects.

### sbt-typelevel-ci

> `TypelevelCiPlugin`: Sets up GitHub actions to run tests and check binary-compatibility in CI.

Reviewer: Ooh, this is not quite right anymore.
```suggestion
`TypelevelCiPlugin`: Sets up GitHub actions to run tests and submit dependencies for vulnerability scanning. You can optionally enable checks for headers, formatting, scalafix, MiMa, and scaladoc.
```

- `tlCiRelease` (command): Performs a `tlRelease` from the CI and reports to GH step summary.

### sbt-typelevel-ci-signing
`TypelevelCiSigningPlugin`: Sets up GitHub actions to sign your artifacts in CI.
- Requires `PGP_SECRET` secret, with your base64-encoded PGP key
- Optionally set the `PGP_PASSPHRASE` secret, but we do not recommend passphrase-protected keys for new projects. See discussion in [#9](https://github.com/typelevel/sbt-typelevel/discussions/9#discussioncomment-1251774).

### sbt-typelevel-ci-release
`TypelevelCiReleasePlugin`: The super-plugin that sets you up with versioning, mima, signing, and sonatype publishing, all in GitHub actions.

### sbt-typelevel-scalafix
`TypelevelScalafixPlugin`
- `tlTypelevelScalafixVersion` (setting): The version of typelevel-scalafix to add to the scalafix dependency classpath.

### sbt-typelevel
`TypelevelPlugin`: The super-super-plugin intended for bootstrapping the typical Typelevel project. Sets up CI release including snapshots, scalac settings, headers, and formatting.

> `TypelevelBspPlugin`: A plugin that controls for which cross-project platforms the `bspEnabled` setting should be set to `true. By default it becomes enabled for `JVMPlatform` only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TypelevelBspPlugin`: A plugin that controls for which cross-project platforms the `bspEnabled` setting should be set to `true`. By default it becomes enabled for `JVMPlatform` only.
```
